Add params (#1128)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/command-reference/run.md

## Synopsis

```usage
usage: dvc run [-h] [-q | -v] [-d DEPS] [-o OUTS] [-O OUTS_NO_CACHE]
               [-p PARAMS] [-m METRICS] [-M METRICS_NO_CACHE] [-f FILE]
               [-c CWD] [-w WDIR] [--no-exec] [-y] [--overwrite-dvcfile]
               [--ignore-build-cache] [--remove-outs] [--no-commit]
               [--outs-persist OUTS_PERSIST]
               [--outs-persist-no-cache OUTS_PERSIST_NO_CACHE]
               [--always-changed]

>                command

Reviewer: One lat comment: `dvc run` is getting gargantuan 🐋

Isn't there an issue out there somewhere to split it into 2 commands? May be time to revisit that 😬

  > Note that a DVC-file without dependencies is considered always changed, so
  > `dvc repro` always executes it.

- `-p [<filename>:]<params_list>`, `--params [<filename>:]<params_list>` -

>   specify a subset of parameters from a parameter file the stage depends on. The
>   params subset can be specified by coma separated params list:
>   `-p learning_rate,epochs`. By default, the params file is `params.yaml` but
>   this value can be redefined with params prefix:
>   `-p parse_params.yaml:threshold` See `dvc params` to learn more about using
>   parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  specify a subset of [experiment parameters](/doc/command-reference/metrics) the
  stage depends on, from a parameter file. This is done by sending a coma
  separated list as argument, e.g. `-p learning_rate,epochs`. By default, the
  parameters file name is `params.yaml`, but this can be redefined with a prefix
  in the argument to this option, e.g. `-p parse_params.yaml:threshold`. See
  `dvc params` to learn more about parameters.
```

          Rscript parsingxml.R Posts.xml Posts.csv
```

> Dependency to hyperparameters from the default params file `params.yaml`:

Reviewer: Make into H2 and short intro sentence.

          Rscript parsingxml.R Posts.xml Posts.csv
```

Use a subset of hyperparameters from the default params file `params.yaml`. The
parameters should be readed from user's code. DVC can granulary track

> dependencies for the defined subset of parameters for `dvc repro`:

Reviewer: Didn't quite understand this paragraph.
Also, it should probably have a separate example heading even if it's a continuation of the basic example above.
